Clean up docs folder (#1172)
AFLplusplus/AFLplusplus: docs/fuzzing_binary-only_targets.md

compared to qemu_mode (but slower than qemu persistent mode). Note that several
other binary rewriters exist, all with their advantages and caveats.

The speed decrease of qemu_mode is at about 50%. However, various options exist
to increase the speed:
- using AFL_ENTRYPOINT to move the forkserver entry to a later basic block in
  the binary (+5-10% speed)
- using persistent mode
  [qemu_mode/README.persistent.md](../qemu_mode/README.persistent.md) this will
  result in a 150-300% overall speed increase - so 3-8x the original qemu_mode
  speed!
- using AFL_CODE_START/AFL_CODE_END to only instrument specific parts

For additional instructions and caveats, see
[qemu_mode/README.md](../qemu_mode/README.md). If possible, you should use the
persistent mode, see
[qemu_mode/README.persistent.md](../qemu_mode/README.persistent.md). The mode is
approximately 2-5x slower than compile-time instrumentation, and is less
conducive to parallelization.

Note that there is also honggfuzz:
[https://github.com/google/honggfuzz](https://github.com/google/honggfuzz) which
now has a qemu_mode, but its performance is just 1.5% ...

> If you like to code a customized fuzzer without much work, we highly recommend
> to check out our sister project libafl which will support QEMU, too:
> [https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL)

Author: ```suggestion
If you like to code a customized fuzzer without much work, we highly recommend
to check out our sister project libafl which supports QEMU, too:
[https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL)
```

I looked at the [repo](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL). It seems like by now it _does_.

Reviewer: yes it does now :)
